#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/test.txt requirements/base.txt requirements/test.in
#
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   omegaconf
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via
    #   nbdev
    #   stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via nbdev
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   nbconvert
    #   unstructured
black==24.4.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   black
    #   nltk
    #   uvicorn
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   onnxruntime
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   matplotlib
coverage[toml]==7.5.0
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pdfminer-six
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
deepdiff==7.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   unstructured-client
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pikepdf
effdet==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
emoji==2.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
execnb==0.1.5
    # via nbdev
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.110.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
fastcore==1.5.32
    # via
    #   execnb
    #   ghapi
    #   nbdev
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
flake8==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   onnxruntime
fonttools==4.51.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
fsspec==2024.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
ghapi==1.0.5
    # via nbdev
google-api-core[grpc]==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-auth==2.29.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-cloud-vision==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.62.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   jupyterlab
huggingface-hub==0.22.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-inference
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coloredlogs
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
iopath==0.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.24.0
    # via
    #   execnb
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   nbdev
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   nltk
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-client
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.21.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
jupyter-client==8.6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.1.8
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   matplotlib
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
layoutparser[layoutmodels,tesseract]==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-inference
lxml==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pikepdf
    #   python-docx
    #   python-pptx
    #   unstructured
markdown==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
marshmallow==3.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
matplotlib==3.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pycocotools
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   sympy
msg-parser==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
mypy==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   black
    #   mypy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured-client
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbdev==2.3.16
    # via -r requirements/test.in
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   torch
    #   unstructured
nltk==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
notebook==7.1.3
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   contourpy
    #   layoutparser
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   pycocotools
    #   scipy
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
olefile==0.47
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   msg-parser
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   effdet
onnx==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
onnxruntime==1.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-inference
opencv-python==4.9.0.80
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
    #   unstructured-inference
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   deepdiff
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   black
    #   fastcore
    #   ghapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdev
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pikepdf
    #   pytesseract
    #   pytest
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-client
    #   unstructured-pytesseract
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
    #   unstructured
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
    #   unstructured
pdfminer-six==20231228
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pdfplumber
    #   unstructured
pdfplumber==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pikepdf==8.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdf2image
    #   pdfplumber
    #   pikepdf
    #   pillow-heif
    #   pytesseract
    #   python-pptx
    #   torchvision
    #   unstructured-pytesseract
pillow-heif==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
platformdirs==4.2.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
portalocker==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   iopath
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   proto-plus
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-auth
pycocotools==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   effdet
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodome==3.20.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pydantic==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fastapi
pydantic-core==2.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pypandoc==1.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   matplotlib
pypdf==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
pypdfium2==4.29.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pdfplumber
pytesseract==0.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
pytest==8.2.0
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-mock==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   unstructured-client
python-docx==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
python-iso639==2024.4.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-inference
python-pptx==0.6.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   layoutparser
    #   nbdev
    #   omegaconf
    #   timm
    #   transformers
pyzmq==26.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.1
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
rapidfuzz==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
ratelimit==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
referencing==0.35.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.4.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-auth
safetensors==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   timm
    #   transformers
scipy==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   unstructured-client
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.37.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fastapi
sympy==1.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
timm==0.9.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   effdet
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tokenizers==0.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   transformers
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   coverage
    #   jupyterlab
    #   mypy
    #   pytest
torch==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   effdet
    #   layoutparser
    #   timm
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   effdet
    #   layoutparser
    #   timm
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   iopath
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
transformers==4.37.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-inference
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   black
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   iopath
    #   ipython
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pypdf
    #   python-docx
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pandas
unstructured[local-inference]==0.13.5
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
unstructured-client==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
unstructured-inference==0.7.29
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
unstructured-pytesseract==0.3.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
uvicorn==0.29.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
watchdog==4.0.0
    # via nbdev
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.43.0
    # via astunparse
widgetsnbextension==4.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   deprecated
    #   unstructured
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
xlsxwriter==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-pptx

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
